The reason you get played and used by
men is because you're being too nice.
Being a Piki girl won't get you any
further than being left on red, being
left empty-handed, ghosted, and
brokenhearted. Hi girls, welcome back to
my channel. If you're new here, my name
is Michaela, and everything on my
channel is about upgrading, becoming the
most desired, most successful, most
beautiful, and most important woman in
your life. Being a pikmi and being the
nice girl may sounds the right thing to
do, but it won't get you any further
than being heartbroken. That's why in
today's video, I want to talk about how
you can finally become the prize instead
of being constantly used and played by
men. Let's get into this. The first
point I want to get into is get a life.
All of the following points won't help
you anything if you do not have a life.
What I mean by that is have your
hobbies, have your friends, be busy with
yourself and your life. If you keep
revolving your whole world around one
man or in general men, you will always
be ending up the pick me girl because
you are afraid to lose them. You do not
want to lose access to that attention,
lose access to love or lose that
connection. And once you are so busy
with your own life and you see yourself
as the main character, then
automatically you will stop being a py
girl. You will stop revolving all your
attention and all your every minute
around men. You won't be sitting at home
scrolling on social media checking his
status, checking if he had seen your
message, if he was online, why he didn't
reply to your message. You won't be
spiraling because you are busy with your
own life. It's also important that you
do something you truly enjoy doing.
Start a business with something you
enjoy doing. Get real friends that you
enjoy being with. Start to do hobbies
that you truly enjoy. If you're trying
to make yourself busy with going to
pilateses while you hate pilateses, of
course, you will think the man is more
important because you are enjoying the
time more with this man than you are
going to pilate. So, choose hobbies you
love to do. I can recommend you dancing
or cooking if you like to do that or
reading books. Get your knowledge up. Go
to a cafe. Get your matcha. Get your
everyday coffee. Make yourself busy
enjoying your own life. Also, invest in
your appearance. Invest time, energy,
and yes, money in your appearance. Learn
how to do your hair. Learn how to do
your makeup. Learn how to dress well to
your body type. Get to a point where you
love yourself so much. You look good.
You take care of yourself. And every
time you start thinking about that man,
get up and try out a new makeup routine.
Watch a makeup tutorial. Watch how to do
your hair in a better way. Try out new
things and invest time and energy in
yourself instead of sitting on the sofa
scrolling thinking about why he's not
texting back. Another thing you have to
keep in mind is that men most of the
time are not ignoring you. They simply
are busy with their own lives. So get
your own life busy. Even if you're in a
privileged position and you don't have
anything to do, you don't have a job,
you don't have much to do, go get busy
with taking care of yourself. Go get
busy with leveling yourself up visually,
physically, and mentally. The next step
to stop being a pygmy girl is to become
financially independent. This doesn't
mean that you don't want a man taking
care of you, sending you money, sending
you gifts. No, this simply means that if
there is not a man taking care of you,
you're not depending on him. If a man is
withdrawing, you're not depending on
him. You don't care because you are good
by yourself. You have your own business.
You have your own money. You have your
own financial security. So, you won't
start to beg him to stay with you
because you are good yourself. So many
women, including me a few years ago,
start off really well being the high
maintenance, high standards mean girl.
But then once they start to depend on
men financially, they slip into the
me role and the whole dynamic shifts.
Once you're in that pygmy role, he is
starting to use it to his benefit. And
you will start to confuse effort with
worth. A pygmy always believes the more
she does, the more likely he will choose
her. But men do not value what's over
available. Men value what they have to
invest in. The reason why people value a
Birkin bag more than a Gucci bag is
because first of all the price and
second of all it's not that easy
accessible. Not everyone has access to
get a new Birkin bag directly from the
Hermes store. Just translate the same
psychology to men in dating and
relationships. The next step be clear
with your standards. Do not overexlain
them. And also do never ever lower them.
Before you go into dating, you need to
know already what's your standard. You
want to have certain characteristics in
a man. He needs to be, for example, a
provider. He needs to be willing to
deposit monthly money in your bank
account. He needs to be willing to
surprise you with gifts. He needs to be
willing to send you weekly flowers and
so on. Set your standards clear.
Standards are here to be enforced. But
how can you enforce standards if you
don't even know yourself what you want?
First, be very clear. Hey, what are your
standards? Are your standards to have a
man that is emotionally available,
taking care of you financially, sending
you weekly flowers, never shouting, not
drinking, not smoking, and so on. Write
down a full list of your standards. The
next step is to be clear which of these
standards are absolute non-negotiable.
Mark those standards. If your
non-negotiable is €20,000 monthly in
your bank account, that's your
non-negotiable and you should not settle
for anything less than that. If your
non-negotiable is someone that is never
raising his voice, once he raises his
voice, you need to disappear. You cannot
overexlain why you do not like that, why
you don't agree on that, why you do not
respect that, why you never want to have
that happen again, you need to
disappear. Your non-negotiable standard
is a non-negotiable and once crossed the
line becomes a door they will surely
walk through again. The next step is
study yourself and your own behavior
instead of a mans. Instead of asking why
did he ghost me and playing detective on
what you did that made him change and so
on, play detective on your own behavior.
Ask yourself why did I allow this and
you probably allowed this because you
thought being nice creates some kind of
safety. Nobody would hurt you if you are
nice, if you're the pick me girl. But
that's complete BS. That's not how a
man's mind work and that's not how
humanity works. You being nice shows
only that you do not have boundaries.
And men do not respect women with no
boundaries and standards. And that's
exactly why they always leave you
hanging, why they play with you, why
they call you at 2:00 a.m. Because they
know they don't have to put much effort.
And you are anyways available. While you
are the one picking up at 2:00 a.m.
letting him come over, thinking you
being the nice one, you will one day win
him over. He already has another woman
that he invests money and time in, but
she is not that easy to get. That's why
he's calling you at 2:00 a.m. Always
keep in mind if a man doesn't invest in
you time, money, and energy, it's
because he doesn't like you that much
and you let him. The next step, never
ever ever
entertain potential. what he is right
now, how he is in front of you right
now, how he's showing up right now, how
his life is right now. That's who you
are dating. You are not dating his
words, his potential, that he's going to
be a billionaire, that he's going to
gift you, the Birkin bags, all the
jewelry, he's going to do X, Y, and C.
Men's words are just words until they
are backed by actions. Words are usually
being used to make you confuse and
believe that something is happening that
never will be happening. If a man is not
showing you through actions, consistency
and investment that he is interested in
you and he wants to court you, he simply
is not. You do not need to analyze him
or see the potential in him. He simply
is not that interested in you and you
should stop entertaining that kind of
man immediately. The next step, stop
proving that you're different. If he
says, "Oh, you're a gold digger. You're
just about money. You're just like all
the other girls." You say, "Yeah, okay.
And I like money. I like a man taking
care of me." There are women with
different standards. That's it. In this
moment, he simply tries to evaluate how
far he can go and how much you would
inconvenience yourself or downplay
yourself, how much you would step down
for him. You simply do not engage with
those kind of things. You say, "That's
just how it is. Yeah, I like money. Yes,
I want provision. Yes, I like men who
take care of me. And if you're not the
one, I have others waiting." Never ever
downplay your desires. If you want
money, romance, holidays, gifts,
whatever you want, that's what you want.
And you need to stand your ground on
that. Whatever you want, that's what you
want. If you want a car, a house, a
villa, believe me, whatever you want,
that's what you want. And you need to
stop downplaying it just to make him
comfortable. You stay grounded with your
choices and standards and desires and
also show it through your own life. If
you show that you are taking care of
your life, that you are being so
abundant, you have money coming in all
the time from all sources,
he can only step up or step out. Or
whenever he finds excuses for not doing
something you desire or you ask him to
do, you do not say, "Hey, don't worry.
It's okay. I don't want it that bad."
You simply say, "It's fine. I will find
a way." And finding a way usually means
finding a way through another man. And
men know that. He knows exactly that
he's not the only one that is interested
in you. And it will make him want you
even more. And he won't see you as a
girl either. Another thing I want
to mention is that you need to stop
rewarding basic respect. Basic respect
is a good morning text. Basic respect is
a calling to check in, a good night,
sending flowers as a surprise, opening
the doors, picking you up for dinner, or
sending you an Uber, taking care that
you feel safe around him. That's not
even bare minimum. It's basic respect.
And a man who does not follow through
with basic respect should not even be
considered to be talked to. I have male
friends, normal friends where no dating
or intimacy is inside. And even these
men follow through basic respect because
they understand you need to treat a
woman with basic respect. Even little
boys in my building understand they need
to wait until the woman enters the
elevator before they enter the elevator.
It's basic respect that every male
species on earth above 7 8 years old
needs to understand and follow through
in order to be even considered to get
the reward of your attention. You cannot
accept any male species in your life
that doesn't know how to treat you with
basic respect and beare minimum effort.
Now the last step, detach from the
outcome and stay emotionally regulated.
A woman that knows how to calmly walk
away whenever her desires, her standards
are not being approached the way she
wants to. She is golden and she is the
one that is being chased by men. I get
that you are fearing that maybe nothing
better is coming. But you need to trust
in yourself and trust in God, the
universe, that every time you say no to
something that doesn't align with your
values, something better is coming. I
did not believe it myself. Ladies, I
promise you from my deepest heart, from
my experience, something better is
always coming once you learn to say no
to what doesn't align with your values.
You have to stop downplaying your
standards, your values, your needs, and
say no to everything that does not align
with that. If you want to stop to be a
Pikmi girl, no need to be in your
frontal lobe. It need to be the one and
only word that you use most of the time.
You need to say no to everything that
you don't want to do, you don't want to
say, you don't want to accept, that
doesn't align with your values, that
doesn't align with your desires, that
doesn't align with your standards. No.
No. No. No. No. Every time you say no to
something, you say yes to yourself. You
say yes to a better future. I made the
mistake so often that I didn't say no.
and I let things slide. Stop letting
things slide that you're not okay with.
And only then better will come through.
Only then you're telling God and the
universe, I do not want this. I want
better. When you stop fearing to be left
alone, to lose something, then you are
the one getting everything and you will
be stopped getting played on. To master
this detachment, you need to also be
emotionally regulated. Learn practices
to regulate yourself emotionally. I keep
mentioning this in many videos. I do
that with yoga, with going for a run. I
do that with reading, with taking time
for myself, taking a bath whenever I am
super emotional. Never ever act on your
emotions. Get to know yourself so well
that you notice whenever your emotions
come up, your storm of emotions arise.
practice to regulate them. Anyways, my
dear ladies, I hope this could help. I
hope you understand now what exactly you
can do to stop being a py girl and start
becoming the price. A little reminder to
also download my ebook, The Queen
Treatment, where I explain you exactly
how to first of all spot a real provider
man, and then second become the woman he
truly wants to invest in. Thank you so
much for watching. I love you so so much
and I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.